texting while driving makes you 23 times
more likely to be in a car accident it's
essentially like driving blind for five
seconds which is enough time to cover
the length of a football field cell
phone related walking injuries have
quadrupled over the last seven years
with about 1,100 people admitted to the
emergency room in the last year alone
using your phone on the go is very
dangerous but let's be honest you don't
give it so let's talk about how you can
actually do this incredibly stupid thing
while probably not dying when walking
around on the earth sometimes terrain
changes due to nature or man-made
structures for example when you step off
the sidewalk onto a street you sink a
little lower when on your cell phone
this may or may not come as a surprise
if you don't pay attention you may walk
into oncoming traffic some might say
this is natural selection at work but
with a small change in awareness you can
prove them wrong when you step down
while using your phone notice how your
foot doesn't meet the ground where
you've come to expect it notice how your
body tilts forward as a result combat
inertia and stop realize you've just
stepped into the unknown dangerous
territory and look up from your phone
for a precious moment and cross the
street but what about people buildings
telephone poles downed wires and the
like how do you avoid them well when
using a cell phone you typically hold it
comfortably near your waist you can help
yourself by adjusting that angle a
little closer to 90 degrees I know your
poor arms are gonna have to do a little
more work and you might kind of look
like a zombie but you'll be a fifth
Dombey so that's cool plus with your
cell phone out in front of you you might
actually see something coming to kill
you you know instead of staring at your
feet cars are different you don't have
as much time to react as you do when
walking so a quick text can result in
car accidents vehicular manslaughter and
even your own death and fun and
interesting ways you do not have to look
at your phone while driving but you want
to because you hear a beep so when in
the car put your phone on silent or turn
on do not disturb mode so it doesn't
distract you you absolutely have to text
your call use voice control to get the
job done so you can keep your eyes on
the road and finally if your addiction
plagues you so much that you have to
look at your phone do it at a stoplight
at least then you'll just piss off the
other drivers if you don't go when the
light turns
if you implement these tips you might
not die no guarantee so if you're afraid
you're going to use your phone on the go
you should probably lock it up but since
you won't do that hopefully this video
will help you live just a little bit
longer